Provide additional information on vulnerabilities (#107802)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/how-to-troubleshoot-environments.md

- Compartmentalize your environment so you can scope and fix issues in one place.
- Understand flagged vulnerabilities and their relevance to your scenario.

### Vulnerabilities vs Reproducibility

Reproducibility is one of the foundations of software development. When you're developing production code, a repeated operation must guarantee the same
result. Mitigating vulnerabilities can disrupt reproducibility by changing dependencies.

Azure Machine Learning's primary focus is to guarantee reproducibility. Environments fall under three categories: curated,
user-managed, and system-managed.

### *Curated Environments*

> Curated environments are pre-created environments that Azure Machine Learning manages and are available by default in every Azure Machine Learning workspace provisioned. New versions are released by AzureML to address vulnerabilities. Whether you use the latest image may be a tradeoff between reproducibility and vulnerability management. 

Reviewer: nit, I think AzureML is now flagged by acrolinx
```suggestion
Curated environments are pre-created environments that Azure Machine Learning manages and are available by default in every Azure Machine Learning workspace provisioned. New versions are released by Azure Machine Learning to address vulnerabilities. Whether you use the latest image may be a tradeoff between reproducibility and vulnerability management. 
```

Once you install more dependencies on top of a Microsoft-provided image, or bring your own base image, vulnerability management becomes your responsibility.

### *System-managed Environments* 

You use system-managed environments when you want conda to manage the Python environment for you. Azure Machine Learning creates a new isolated conda environment by materializing your conda specification on top of a base Docker image. While Azure Machine Learning patches base images with each release, whether you use the
latest image may be a tradeoff between reproducibility and vulnerability management. So, it's your responsibility to choose the environment version used
for your jobs or model deployments while using system-managed environments.

### Scan for Vulnerabilities 

You can monitor and maintain environment hygiene with [Microsoft Defender for Container Registry](../defender-for-cloud/defender-for-containers-vulnerability-assessment-azure.md) to help scan images for vulnerabilities. 

To automate this process based on triggers from Microsoft Defender, see [Automate responses to Microsoft Defender for Cloud triggers](../defender-for-cloud/workflow-automation.md).

> ## Vulnerabilities: Common Issues 

Reviewer: This should be under the Vulnerabilities in AzureML Environments header, so maybe change to ###? or else both Vulnerabilities in AzureML Environments and Vulnerabilities: Common Issues will show up in the table of contents which seems a little redundant to me
```suggestion
### Vulnerabilities: Common Issues 
```

### Vulnerabilities in Base Docker Images 

> System-managed environments can have vulnerabilities from their base image. For example, vulnerabilities marked as "Ubuntu", "Debian" etc are usually from the system level of the environment, the base Docker image. If the base image is from a third-party issuer, please check if the latest version has fixes for the flagged vulnerabilities. Most common sources for the base images in AzureML are:

Reviewer 2: That would be true for both system- and user-managed environments. 

System vulnerabilities usually introduced from the base image for the user image build.

Author: @vizhur I updated the wording - let me know if that sounds better. It looks like the highlighted text of this comment is outdated and you need to navigate to the files to view the change - I expected it to be like ADO but it's not.

Author: Updated the sentence to wording agreed on offline.

> System vulnerabilities in an environment are usually introduced from the base image. For example, vulnerabilities marked as "Ubuntu", "Debian" etc are from the system level of the environment, the base Docker image. If the base image is from a third-party issuer, please check if the latest version has fixes for the flagged vulnerabilities. Most common sources for the base images in AzureML are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System vulnerabilities in an environment are usually introduced from the base image. For example, vulnerabilities marked as "Ubuntu" or "Debian" are from the system level of the environment–the base Docker image. If the base image is from a third-party issuer, please check if the latest version has fixes for the flagged vulnerabilities. Most common sources for the base images in Azure Machine Learning are:
```

- Microsoft Artifact Registry (MAR) aka Microsoft Container Registry (mcr.microsoft.com). 
	- Images can be listed from MAR homepage, calling _catalog API, or [/tags/list](https://mcr.microsoft.com/v2/azureml/openmpi4.1.0-ubuntu20.04/tags/list)_
	- Source and release notes for training base images from AzureML can be found in [Azure/AzureML-Containers](https://github.com/Azure/AzureML-Containers)
- Nvidia (nvcr.io, or [nvidia's Profile](https://hub.docker.com/u/nvidia/#!))

If the latest version of your base image does not resolve your vulnerabilities, base image vulnerabilities can be addressed by installing versions recommended by a vulnerability scan:

```
apt-get install -y library_name
```

### Vulnerabilities in Python Packages 

> Vulnerabilities can also be from installed python packages on top of the system managed base image. These python related vulnerabilities should be resolved by updating your python dependencies. Python (Pip) vulnerabilities in the image usually come from user-defined dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vulnerabilities can also be from installed Python packages on top of the system-managed base image. These Python-related vulnerabilities should be resolved by updating your Python dependencies. Python (pip) vulnerabilities in the image usually come from user-defined dependencies.
```

> To search for known python vulnerabilities and solutions please see [GitHub Advisory Database](https://github.com/advisories). To address python vulnerabilities, update the package to the version that has fixes for the flagged issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To search for known Python vulnerabilities and solutions please see [GitHub Advisory Database](https://github.com/advisories). To address Python vulnerabilities, update the package to the version that has fixes for the flagged issue:
```

```
pip install -u my_package=={good.version}
```

> or if you're using a conda environment, update the reference in the conda dependencies file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're using a conda environment, update the reference in the conda dependencies file.
```

> In some cases python packages will be automatically installed during conda's setup of your environment on top of a base Docker image. Mitigation steps for those are the same as user-introduced packages. Conda installs necessary dependencies for every environment it materializes. Packages like cryptography, setuptools, wheel, etc. will be automatically installed from conda's default channels. There is a known issue with the default anaconda channel missing latest package versions, it is recommended to prioritize community-maintained conda-forge. Otherwise, please explicitely specify packages and versions, even if you do not reference them in the code you plan to execute on that environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, Python packages will be automatically installed during conda's setup of your environment on top of a base Docker image. Mitigation steps for those are the same as those for user-introduced packages. Conda installs necessary dependencies for every environment it materializes. Packages like cryptography, setuptools, wheel, etc. will be automatically installed from conda's default channels. There's a known issue with the default anaconda channel missing latest package versions, so it's recommended to prioritize the community-maintained conda-forge channel. Otherwise, please explicitly specify packages and versions, even if you don't reference them in the code you plan to execute on that environment.
```
